Translation corrections (#141)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_012.txt

//r罵声と怒号を受けながらも、私はひるまない。そしておかーさんの手にした包丁の柄に手をかけて、包丁を握り締めたおかーさんの手を、上から強引につかむ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "罵声と怒号を受けながらも、私はひるまない。そしておかーさんの手にした包丁の柄に手をかけて、包丁を握り締めたおかーさんの手を、上から強引につかむ。",

> 			NULL, "I remained firm no matter how much she jeered and yelled at me. Then, I reached out for the hilt of the knife and grabbed Mom's hand, gripping hard on it..", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I remained firm no matter how much she jeered and yelled at me. Then, I reached out for the hilt of the knife and grabbed Mom's hand, gripping it tight.", Line_Normal);
```

				NULL, "<size=-2>Our hands were tied together, scrambling hard to get ahold of the knife. The cutting edge was moving erratically, pointing back and forth between Mom and myself many times. The blade was unstable as it reflected lights back at me.", Line_Normal);
	} else {
		OutputLine(NULL, "一本の包丁を、懸命に奪い合い、つかみ合う。何度もその刃先がおかーさんのほうにも、私のほうにも、ぐらぐらと不安定に傾いてその凶刃を不気味にぎらり、と閃かせていた。",

> 				NULL, "We grappled with one anotherr, scrambling hard to get ahold of the knife. The edge swung unstably back and forth between Mom and myself many times, while the blade gleamed.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				NULL, "We grappled with one another, scrambling hard to get ahold of the knife. The edge swung precariously back and forth between Mom and myself many times, while the blade gleamed.", Line_Normal);
```
